you
up here and investor mentality what you
should do is you should dollar cost
average that's the best in a bull market
now way it takes a lot of emotion out of
it look when you're buying silver or
gold or both what are you really doing I
mean I'm an Austrian economist and my
definition capital as the means
production capital is producing well I
mean I would love to you know invent a
car that gets 200 miles to the gallon
and employ my my money into something
like that that would not only help me
financially but would help you know all
the you know everybody on the planet
more or less it drives but I don't have
the ability to do that at least not
right now so when you're when you're
actually saving and silver and gold
you're basically taking what we think of
as capital out of the market for some
future purchase at some point and it's a
saving so it's good from that aspect but
it isn't really helping the economy grow
when you take it out and just hold on to
it in other words it's more or less a
stagnant investment so coming back on
point I like dollar cost averaging and
if you're in a bull market you just put
in the same amount of dollars or euros
or Frank's or whatever into the market
every month at the same time more or
less and you build your silver and gold
money that way and that one like I said
gets rid of the emotion it teaches
discipline and over the long term you'll
get a good average price but what most
people do is they read somebody on the
internet or listen to a speech or
whatever they get very excited about a
market not necessarily the silver market
any market like the technology sector
back in the 90s they oh I'm missing the
boat I got to get in right now and they
put everything they've got into one
sector and maybe one or two stocks or
one or two without doing enough due
diligence enough research and then the
market moves against them and they're
very disappointed and frustrated so you
really don't want to do that you want to
act like a professional does when a
professional gets into a market they go
into what's called accumulation
and then they do what's called
distribution they have to bigger
positions to get into any market in one
fell swoop they'll move the market too
fast so if they want to get a position
they will accumulate it over time and
what do you want to sell a position
they'll sell it over time and they're
never looking for the exact bottom or
the exact top they're looking to take a
good portion out of the middle of the
market which is exactly the best way to
do it so I would say dollar cost average
is the best way to approach it